Project-117 Tasks{
   You have to add the below code in the index.html file.
   
1. Add the below code after the h1 tag which is holding the text ‘Quick Draw’:

- Create a p tag and set the text as “Your Sketch” and also give an id
which will be used to update this p tag with the guessed sketched
name that you will be drawing on the canvas (functionality for this will
be added in the next project).   Done

- Similarly, create one more p tag and set text as “Confidence” and also
give an id which will be used to update this p tag with the confidence
of the sketch drawn.     Done

- Again, create one more p tag and give text 'Sketch to be drawn' and
id, which will be used to update the name of the sketch that you have
to draw on the canvas. Done

2. Now, after the closing the </center> tag, add the below ids:

- Create a span tag and set the text as “Score :” and also give the id
which will be used to update this span tag with the score for every
right sketch drawn (functionality for this will be added in the next
project).          Done

- Similarly, create one more span tag and set the text as “Timer :” and
also give the id which will be used to update this span tag with the
time limit for every sketch you will be drawing.           Done



Now add the below code in style.css file:

1. Add a good background color to the body tag.        Done                 

2. Access the span tag which is holding the score using its id and add the code
for following:

- Set the font-size as per your choice.            Done

- Set the margin to the left and set the value in pixels in such a way that
the Score doesn't stick to the extreme left of the screen.         Done

3. Access the span tag which is holding the time using its id, and add the code
for the following things:

- Set the font-size as per your choice.  Done 

- We want the time to be displayed on the right hand side of the screen,
hence add a float:right style to it.            Done

- Set the margin to the right and set the value in pixels in such a way
that the Time doesn't stick to the extreme right of the screen.   Done

4. Access the span tag which is holding the Sketch to be drawn using its id and
add the suitable text color, so that the sketch name to be drawn highlights
properly.                 Done



Now add the below code in the main.js file:

1. Define a variable random_number, and inside it:

- Generate a random number - to set the range from random number use
the length of the quick_draw_data_set array (Hints are given).    Done

2. Then, using the console.log() function, print the random sketch name, by
passing the random_number as an index to the quick_draw_data_set array
on the console screen.   Done

3. Again, get the random sketch name, by passing the random_number as an
index to the quick_draw_data_set array and store it in the sketch variable.  Done

4. Then, update the text of the span tag which is holding the Sketch to be drawn
using its id with text 'Sketch To be Drawn:' and concatenated with a sketch
variable.   Done

5. Then, after this, define the below variables:

- timer_counter- initialize this variable to 0. This variable will keep on
incrementing the timer counter value.  

- timer_check- add empty string inside it. This will keep checking the
timer value.

- drawn_sketch- add empty string inside it. This holds the approximate
guess for the sketch you have drawn on the canvas.

- answer_holder- add an empty string inside it. This variable holds the
value when the drawn sketch and the sketch to be drawn matches.

- score- initialize this variable to 0. This variable holds the score value for
every right sketch drawn.

}